# hello_world
My First Repository 
Hey guys!

SeanChan here, I like Python(I have been learning it!).
I want to master this program language, so if you have some better advice, please come and tell them to me.
Thank you!

#1
Some mistakes I have made in the process of learning python laugage.
In the DOS command:
When I want to check out my IP adress, I type the 'config' on the stream. The outpu is syntaxerror.
So I check the command again, find that the right command is 'ipconfig'.

#2
In Sublime text 3, I will save the source file before I exit from it. 
But one day, when I draw the source file into CMD finding that something wrong even if it do not report error.
That flaw is I did not save the source file as .py format.

#3
In the varible quantity, I make the gender equals to male that I wish the output is male.
However, NameErroe emerges on my stream. 
After I examine this row of code, I find the mistake.
Here is the right name, gender='male' 

#4
Today, I make some mistakes in varible quantity naming. It is the 'phone number'. Invalid syntax, bingo.
In syntax, only number, words and underline can be found in the name of varible quantity.
Also, number can not lie in the first place.
So, the right syntax is 'phone_number'.  

#5
Today, I have learned the if condition structure.
Some errors have emerged on my stream. 
The first was SyntaxError, basic operations of this syntax.
In the end of the row of 'IF' structure, I missed the colon.
The second one was the use of TAB.
When I type codes into if and else structure, it is a proper time to use TAB.
Also, when I type 'IF', it must be pin top grid and the next one can use TAB.

#6
Today, I have learned how to finish a test code case, but I have made some mistakes in this process.
I thought one element arranged in a listing can be straightly expressed on my stream.
But the answer is it must be used print to express.
print(s[ran])

#7
Today, in an 'IF' condition statement, I added some judgements to finish it.
The judgement condition needs two equal signs, but I only added one into it.
The right syntax is 'if username==q:'.
And the codition which make this syntax operated is only type 'q' or 'Q' on the stream.

#8
Today, I have made a mistake in 'if' condition structure.
The conditon is whether a choice equals to a number, which requires the format of input variable must be integral.

#9
tip:
The following of 'while' syntax can be the input structure.
